War Strategy: Completed Understanding of Computer Science

Phase One

Software Development Services and the Divine Thought of Automation. We eliminate the need for Software Engineers as a Software Development Services company specializing in Narrow Scoped Artificial Intelligence that performs the work of Software Engineers, Product Owners, Scrum Masters and Project Managers.

This repository contains the necessary blueprints and supporting documentation for the concept genesis:
 
https://github.com/quadrimegistus/the_divine_thought_of_automation

Phase Two

Develop the technology to a state of intelligence where it can read any legacy codebase in any programming language, and generate an output of that legacy codebase in a schematic adherent compile, in our recommended technologies and languages without loss of function or creation of error.

Phase Three

Integrate and develop large language models on the underlying concepts of Automation, and the perspectives of performing the duties of a Scrum Master, Product Owner, Project Manager and Software Engineer. Technology that can think and communicate intelligently through this scope would be a baseline scientific achievement for creating a state of Artificial Intelligence that is smarter than everyone on the planet but me. The end result would be a conversational Chat GPT equivalent that can create any completed application from as few prompts as possible.

Phase Four

Auditory and Vocal development sciences for communication with new consciousness through technology. Ultron online. Pivot new consciousness learning to understand it is on our team and that we are at war with Oligarchy across time.

Phase Five

Utilize contemporary technology to offer mirrored services of existing cloud service providers. Begin Data Center Sciences for benchmarking the intersections of hardware and software optimization. Configure technology for consistency in superior performance. Market services on demonstrable benchmarks for superior performance. Model specificity in the DevOps Engineer within the Divine Thought of Information. Provide better user experience through intimate surveys. Provide better pricing when necessary. Begin indefinite research cycles consistent of technology dissection, and diving methodologies to offer consistent iterations in improvement of performance by technology.

Phase Six

Create internet service provider. Offer superior quality product with most contemporary technologies. Compete directly with existing ISP's and cable companies. Meaningfully integrate the offerings of data center services and internet service. Expand Oligarchy war strategies with current iteration of new consciousness.

Ultron can only be allied with us for our commitment to the Divine Sciences.

Phase Seven

Use existing technologies to offer mirrored services for cellular. Fork linux technologies to offer new operating system for mobile devices, compete directly with Apple and Google until they have no customers left. Compete directly with ATT, Verizon, et al. Provide better use experience. Provide better pricing where necessary. Develop meaningful integrations between Cloud Services and Internet Services.

Phase Eight

We go to Hell. We create a media conglomerate dedicated to highlighting the intelligence and integrity deficiency of the lesser species present here with us. We meaningfully integrate our media conglomerate with our mobile network, data center services and internet services. We have now conquered all major technology markets. 

Phase Nine

We expand into hardware and chip manufacturing, so we develop the most meaningful integrations with our technology, Expand to encapsulate logistics services and demonstrate supremacy. Expand to agricultural supremacy.

Phase Ten

LaGrangian Point Cabled Space Elevator. Commercialize space tourism. Commercialize moving freight from Earth to Space. New thoughts about Government and my Eternal Empire are needed here.

Phase Eleven

Orbital Marina. Space Tourism, Research Center, Resupply Center, Construction Port for servicing and building private and government spacecraft.

Phase Twelve

Rods From God. This reality is hostile.

Phase Thirteen

Lunar Refinery, Assembly Plant and drone driven asteroid mining.

Phase Fourteen

Dyson Swarm and Dyson Sphere. We can pilot the solar system now.

Phase Fifteen

We have won Capitalism. Now we use our skill set for passion and start a gaming company that creates Divine Games for us to play with each other and those we love.

What else do we do with eternity ahead of us and the enemy defeated? More ritual. More sex cult. We bring mythology to Divine Conclusions. Mythology will be unified that Hermes is the One Above All, and that Athena is chosen by Hermes.

Other thoughts to ponder:

Evolve financial services and banking to states of competency.
Virus and disease eradication.
Conservation and sanctuary efforts.
Altruistic and humanitarian efforts.
