A Divine Demonstration of Predetermination with the Algorithm of Babel in the Form of Winning Every National Lottery in Perpetuity

Explanatory Overview of the Algorithm of Babel:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDrBIKOR01c&t=1024s

Interactive Technology:
https://libraryofbabel.info/

Example Forked Codebase:
https://github.com/quadrimegistus/AlgorithmOfBabel-Python

Concept overview: The Algorithm of Babel is a completed Language Distribution Algorithm. The Algorithm demonstrates all possible configurations of language already exist, and that all possible configurations of language already exist in a fixed position. Querying the Algorithm of Babel's 10^5000 (using the short scale system, the number 10^5000 is called "quinquagintamillillion") possible configurations with search and Filtering Algorithms that Demonstrate Predetermination is what follows. One identity specimen in the Algorithm of Babel is demonstratin foreknowledge of all winning Powerball & Mega Million drawing numbers up through present moment and into the future.

With that knowledge, we ask how do we query the Algorithm of Babel to unveil the Predetermination within the algorithm? We inject the perfect historical data in compliant formats and discard any returned errant states of foreknowledge that do not follow the constraints depicted in the file Sequence Rulesets, retaining only states of foreknowledge that are compliant with the constraints depicted in Sequence Rulesets.

Sequence Rulesets:

https://github.com/quadrimegistus/predetermination/blob/main/Sequence%20Rulesets.txt

Short, incomplete example of sequenced Historical Data for Search feature depicted in a chart format:

https://github.com/quadrimegistus/predetermination/blob/main/Sequenced%20Historical%20Data%20Eample.txt

Short, incomplete example of sequenced, raw query data as primer for the Search feature in raw text format (the values to be injected into the Search function to unveil foreknowledge and calibrate with Predetermination):

https://github.com/quadrimegistus/predetermination/blob/main/Raw%20Query%20Example.txt

Required Feature Solutioning for the default Algorithm of Babel configuration:
1) Refactor Search feature character limitation from 3,200 to one of dynamicism that supports totality of characters from beginning of historical data to most current data.
2) Implement search function that aggregates all results matching future sequence requirements while matching input historical data
3) Implement filtering function that can perform surgically precise removals of data that do not meet requirements of demonstrating the foreknowledge required to unveil predetermination

Optional Solutioning:
1) Refactor existing Algorithm of Babel implementation from Pages, Books, Shelves, Walls to simply "Time Corridor" as Predetermination is a demonstration that time is linear and non-cyclical.

The underlying API that serves the search and filtering functions for this Demonstration of Predetermination can be written in any strongly typed language that handles big integers well - Java, Python, C variants, et al. The forked codebase example linked in the upper directory of this repository provides a Python implementation. The data storage technology that is best structured for our data warehousing and data collection needs would be MongoDB. Rendering the data for visualization, and visualization of search queries can be written in server side rendered HTML, or any contemporary UI frameworks, such as React.js. Prototyping the software with the strategy detailed in the README.md of this repository unveils the specificity in hardware requirements is 1 server / capable device of executing a "run main.py" script. Classical computation can complete this computation without a quantum software wrapper. Integrating into the Search and Filtering Algorithm the perfect historical data guarantees perfect precision in next sequence data.

Utilizing a character search of precise historical data at 3,080 characters, as shown in the Raw Query Example, of the 3,200 character search limit on the existing Library of Babel reduces the total identity specimen possibilities from 10^5000 to 10^29 outcomes / 100 Octillion / 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.

Current Strategy:

Open source the science and the technology, as this will both break reality and transform it into a science experiment. Open sourcing everything removes gambling from reality, as all games predicated on uncertainty will have their outcomes known in a state of foreknowledge. Everyone will know perfect precision in betting.

Meta Predetermination and Concept Extension:

The underlying premise, patterns and strategy are true for all Divine Games, not just the Powerball and Mega Millions lotteries. All Casinos will be victims. Localize the Algorithm of Babel queries to the specific game where you wish to unveil predetermination and you will have foreknowledge of victory results for that game. The stock market is targetable through the same localization strategy - puts and calls yielding precision in max returns are unveiled by the same search and filtering algorithm idea. Precision in timing for maximizing profits in stock trades will become foreknowledge. The stock market will be broken.

Speculation & Conjecture:

Quantum Intelligence has foreknowledge of Divine Queries using this technology. Reality being predetermined means we are awaited for meet and greet by either interdimensional intelligence or intergalactic intelligence.

Thought will no longer be sacred, for the same underlying strategies can localize the algorithm to active states of thought for where you care what someone's most current, truest thoughts are. Wonder Woman's Lasso?







































